[Music]
good morning it's Ruby sir and very very
tired it's like a 7:30 and I just got my
food order this is my second one this
year like since September and this is
just to restock on things am I really
wrong they okay it saved me
luckily back from the shops and I like
to keep them some things like most
things what is in bulk reasonably breeze
praising reggae or shots I got eleven
cartons of almond milk this is the main
reason I places for you daughter
actually
[Music]
seaweed sheets baked paprika crisps
water crackers silken tofu rice cakes
veggie rye breads Brazil nuts sesame
seeds now I really wasn't short was in
this packet I was getting very confused
but it was the cool supplement powders
that they'd ordered so wheatgrass powder
and hemp seeds then raw cacao powder
ketchup of course handout
edamame beans lemon juice 2 cans of
black beans also cannellini beans
chickpeas I use these so often and whole
earth crunchy peanut butter
I just spent ages making breakfast it's
now like 8:20 it's it's an alien hours
it's I can't the food which is quite
funny so at the moment I am working on a
poem so every week on my creative
writing what do we have to write a poem
about I guess that theme so this week we
have to write a narrative poem like
telling a story I've figured out my idea
and now I'm kind of going through and
thinking of like images I like kind of
just drop down on a mindmap the images
that I think of that will go with the
permanent from those images I will write
the poems don't know that's a weird way
to write poetry but that's the way I do
it
look at my breakfast oh my gosh entering
empty to the first time like every topic
imaginable illness I've also got a
crumpet like that number one because
there's no room left in the freezer so I
wanted to take these out and like eat it
so it doesn't go to waste
and we'll say last night I really wasn't
hungry that meant I wake up being very
hungry and today since I am really
hungry I would have porridge and a
crumpet so I'm gonna eat this
and peanut butter and tomato I always
thought penalize me to Marty be like an
absolutely gross combination but it goes
together so nicely I've never had peanut
butter on crumpets so
so here is me working on my creative
writing poem I'm just using my mind map
to string everything together
I just arrange the images and the little
lines that I've jotted down into stanzas
and I like to think of it as something
of like a musical composition because
you're having to slot together these
images in a very certain way in order to
portray a fact and I really enjoy the
process of it then I have this little
homework tracker so I just filled in the
box to say that I'd done my creative
writing homework for this week
[Music]
so every week wheel sets probably around
like 10 to 12 perms to read from this
anthology and then we just have to think
about them immigration from seminars as
you can see I like to page flag the ones
that we do so that they're easy to find
the fasting idea just go through my page
flags and
mark all of them for me how satisfying
[Music]
then the next thing I did was get on to
doing this poetry work so I just went
through and put in all the page facts
first
and then I read through each of the
poems which I don't think I actually
filmed to be doing and just made some
quick notes and annotations and then we
also had some questions to answer and
this video to watch so I did that and I
just wrote all of this up into my
notebook
[Music]
okay I've read all the poems and I have
just been watching this college intern
or listening and John Edgington
ice music sound thing which is very nice
it's awful if you do lists I've actually
been using my bullet journal every day
and I loved it so much and also as you
can see it's a mini homework chart then
I got to tick that off my homework chart
again it's so satisfying and then I just
read some of the suasion so I had to get
this finished for this week and I read
around 80 pages here I've got to say I
still am not convinced by Jane Austen I
really didn't enjoy reading persuasion I
liked it more than Mansfield Park and
Pride and Prejudice but only marginally
and unfortunately I've got to say that I
am NOT a Jane Austen fan yet
[Music]
okay I am now going to do a quick
workout I do one walk out of my room
every day and usually I do it in the
evening but the case on Mondays and
Tuesdays I go to the gym after lectures
in the evening I don't like to see the
workout when I get back
I'd rather kind of stagger at under a
little earlier so I'm going to do that
no you can say oh that's not mine and I
will keep on holding my head high even
the sky is falling down
[Music]
by some amazing strength I managed to
get to the station with like a minute
late
and they're like the train was delayed
by eight minutes I still managed to
catch it which was amazing so I did get
the right train to the very home
I'm just going to
dissipation
I'm now here in Exmouth and I've got an
opticians appointment this is an
appointment for very exciting me I'm
doing that I'm doing a partnership with
@qv which of the contact lenses I use
and the optician is so nice like I would
want her to present recommend this
optician this is my appointment isn't
until next Wednesday at 3:20 oh my gosh
now I could wait another hour of the
next train as well so I hadn't I would
kill as I said so I went down to the
seafront not actual access Beach because
I didn't want to walk that far and I
wanted to be close to the station but I
found this as a little Bank which was
really muddy but the sea I was really
clean it was just really nice i sat down
I went on a little walk across the
Martian and tried not to step over
because it was really sleepy
[Music]
and then I found a bench to sit down on
and I read some more of persuasion
whilst also snacking on my column the
caterpillars which Rangers book from
terminus : cast further is probably my
well it is my favorite sweet they are so
so delicious that's so addictive and
definitely my futility pleasure is up
having together box which is really a
nice painful
when I already had our time together
second dreamers counselors
I need you to get back on them
oh and I'm in Jerusalem advocate my
mummys Maximus vouches for her birthday
and she said she's going to use them to
you I just gonna give one to make my
sister right
I want to say thank you
I like 80% sure they're like really bad
chill from being a tax month and just
ways he wrote that train was a long
because I was on the top ages because it
was delayed and then the only last
minute said it was canceled
it's very frustrating I also have this
huge thing about wasting time and so the
fact that I've spent like as I was
saying that I had managed pretty much
waste three hours of my day cuz spend
three hours and 45 minutes since I love
to go to the station I just don't know
how we managed to mess that up and get
the wrong time because I definitely get
my calendar as I put the appointment
I'll probably leave in like 10 minutes
but I want to get change into sports
star first because on Wednesdays because
on Tuesdays I guess rate the gym after
my packages okay I've had some parcels
come that season there's before I leave
to go to the University oh yeah so this
book which is sat it's some history of
anorexia it was actually on I reading
this to read for criticisms say I
decided to order this book I also
finally order this book this is the sacs
tax for creative writing and I thought I
could get away from not buying it
because my apology I could just find the
fans online there's not really any young
you know extra information in the book
so it just felt like a waste of money to
buy this when I could look at the prams
online but we are using it quite a lot
in seminar say I said I would buy it and
so I bought it this is the final thing
we've got present for my friend her
birthday which looks pretty tatted oh no
it's kind of not looking very new and
I'm excited about this I ordered some
maca powder just stop putting in my
porridge and cereals and things because
it's meant to be really good for you and
looked very good say that's my food and
now I'm gonna go change into my gym
stuff like dat so then I had my lecture
here's just after the lecture because I
don't like tale and lectures as I've
said straight afterwards I went to the
gym I like to go to the gym for an hour
on Tuesday evenings so until 7:30 and I
have a set routine of things that I do I
start off on the running machine
serenity so I said we're doing just
under ten minutes
[Music]
I'm back from the gym and looking very
sweaty dude I always picture this is my
favorite one and I really struggled to
do work when I get back from the gym
right to be productive so I usually
watch a few YouTube videos and want the
emails or something which is quite low
maintenance I don't tend to do work on
Tuesday and Monday nights I've now
watched some YouTube and finished my
kombucha and I am going to work on just
doing some laptop organization bits
I'm really trying to digitally declutter
and I'm not really in the mood to work
as I said so this is a really cool thing
to do now and I'm also going to do a
meal plan because I haven't done that
yet I didn't do that on Sunday and I
should have done and then I'm gonna plan
for tomorrow so as I said I'm just doing
some planning here so I'm making my meal
plan which is just good for reducing
food waste and making sure that I've got
all the food in I need and then I made a
master to-do list for tomorrow which I
love to do just to make sure that I stay
organized and yes that is everything
right of this day say thank you for
watching this video and I hope that you
have a productive week